index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title:
category: home
---

<a href="https://github.com/regeciovad" target="_blank"><img src="assets/icons/icon-github.svg" alt="GitHub" style="width:42px;height:42px;"></a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/regeciovad/" target="_blank"><img src="assets/icons/icon-linkedin.svg" alt="LinkedIn" style="width:42px;height:42px;"></a>
<a href="https://www.twitter.com/in/regeciovad/" target="_blank"><img src="assets/icons/icon-twitter.svg" alt="Twitter" style="width:42px;height:42px;"></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@regeciova-dominika" target="_blank"><img src="assets/icons/icon-website.svg" alt="Website" style="width:42px;height:42px;"></a>

I am a researcher at Gen Digital, a Ph.D. student, and a member of the Formal Model Research Group at the Faculty of Information Technology, Brno University of Technology.

My research includes various topics about formal models, compilers, and languages, focusing on their use in computer security. Currently, I am working with pattern matching tools for malware analysis, including Yara.

I supervise bachelor's and master's students at faculty in cooperation with Gen and Red Hat companies. I am also teaching compilers, programming languages, and formal theory courses.

## Talks
- 2024:
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSJYZ8fRkf4" target="_blank">DevConf 2024: Gen: Open-source projects in the field of cyber security</a>
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPcKEsgPt3E" target="_blank">Botconf 2024: GenRex Demonstration Level Up Your Regex Game</a>
- 2023:
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIo1ctcWqew" target="_blank">(Czech) Žijeme IT 2023: Přínos open-source projektů v oblasti kybernetické bezpečnosti</a>
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP_4EUK4iNM" target="_blank">Botconf 2023: Yara Studies: A Deep Dive into Scanning Performance</a>
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_2t5kxmEso" target="_blank">(Czech) Animefest 2023: V záři neonového Buddhy aneb Pohřební rituály v Asii</a>
- 2022:
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3G0xaJkIE3M" target="_blank">Botconf 2022: Yara: Down The Rabbit Hole Without Slowing Down</a>

## Papers
- 2023:
  * <a href="https://doi.org/10.1109/TrustCom60117.2023.00123" target="_blank">GenRex: Leveraging Regular Expressions for Dynamic Malware Detection</a>
  * <a href="https://doi.org/10.18464/cybin.v8i1" target="_blank">Yara Studies: A Deep Dive into Scanning Performance</a>  
- 2022:
  * <a href="https://doi.org/10.18464/cybin.v7i1" target="_blank">Yara: Down the Rabbit Hole Without Slowing Down</a> 
- 2021:
  * <a href="https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3074801" target="_blank">Pattern Matching in YARA: Improved Aho-Corasick Algorithm</a>

## Others
- <a href="https://engineering.avast.io/author/dominikaregeciova/" target="_blank">Avast: engineering.avast.io blog posts (mainly about YARA)</a>
- <a href="https://medium.com/@regeciova-dominika" target="_blank">Personal blog posts</a>
- <a href="https://www.fit.vut.cz/fit/press/3573/.en" target="_blank">Interview: The "We live IT" Conference is a place for both new career beginnings and meeting old friends</a>
- <a href="https://www.vut.cz/vut/aktuality-f19528/mezinarodni-den-divek-a-zen-v-it-podporuje-rovnost-a-diverzitu-ve-svete-technologii-na-stejne-misi-je-letni-skola-it-pro-holky-d257336" target="_blank">Interview (czech): Mezinárodní den dívek a žen v IT podporuje rovnost a diverzitu ve světě technologií. Na stejné misi je Letní škola IT pro holky</a>

Commit message:

Revise index.md with updated profile and links
Updated personal and professional information, added new links and publications, and enhanced the overall structure of the index.

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title:
category: home
---

<a href="https://github.com/regeciovad" target="_blank"><img src="assets/icons/icon-github.svg" alt="GitHub" style="width:42px;height:42px;"></a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/regeciovad/" target="_blank"><img src="assets/icons/icon-linkedin.svg" alt="LinkedIn" style="width:42px;height:42px;"></a>
<a href="https://www.twitter.com/in/regeciovad/" target="_blank"><img src="assets/icons/icon-twitter.svg" alt="Twitter" style="width:42px;height:42px;"></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@regeciova-dominika" target="_blank"><img src="assets/icons/icon-website.svg" alt="Website" style="width:42px;height:42px;"></a>

**Senior Researcher | Gen Digital (formerly Avast) | Women in IT | Life Development**

🔬 I specialize in formal methods, compiler construction, and cybersecurity, currently focusing on agentic systems engineering and enterprise AI validation. 
My work includes developing scalable malware detection tools like GenRex and contributing to YARA and YARA-X.

🎓 I supervise bachelor’s and master’s theses in collaboration with Avast and Red Hat, and teach courses on compilers, programming languages, and formal theory at Brno University of Technology.

🧠 I’m passionate about mentoring, public speaking, and supporting Women in Tech. I’ve contributed to forensic analytics tools for law enforcement and evaluated innovation projects for the Ministry of Industry and Trade.

📚 Outside work, I love reading, learning new skills (currently piano and crocheting), and staying active through yoga and bouldering. I also help organize educational events like summer schools and conventions.

📄 Publications include IEEE TrustCom, IEEE Access, and Botconf proceedings.

🎤 Speaker at CARO Workshop, Botconf, IEEE TrustCom, and Women4Cyber’s SheSpeaksCyber.

🐾 Proud cat parent to Barča, a black feline with attitude.

## Talks
- 2024:
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSJYZ8fRkf4" target="_blank">DevConf 2024: Gen: Open-source projects in the field of cyber security</a>
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPcKEsgPt3E" target="_blank">Botconf 2024: GenRex Demonstration Level Up Your Regex Game</a>
- 2023:
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIo1ctcWqew" target="_blank">(Czech) Žijeme IT 2023: Přínos open-source projektů v oblasti kybernetické bezpečnosti</a>
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP_4EUK4iNM" target="_blank">Botconf 2023: Yara Studies: A Deep Dive into Scanning Performance</a>
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_2t5kxmEso" target="_blank">(Czech) Animefest 2023: V záři neonového Buddhy aneb Pohřební rituály v Asii</a>
- 2022:
  * <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3G0xaJkIE3M" target="_blank">Botconf 2022: Yara: Down The Rabbit Hole Without Slowing Down</a>

## Papers
- 2023:
  * <a href="https://doi.org/10.1109/TrustCom60117.2023.00123" target="_blank">GenRex: Leveraging Regular Expressions for Dynamic Malware Detection</a>
  * <a href="https://doi.org/10.18464/cybin.v8i1" target="_blank">Yara Studies: A Deep Dive into Scanning Performance</a>  
- 2022:
  * <a href="https://doi.org/10.18464/cybin.v7i1" target="_blank">Yara: Down the Rabbit Hole Without Slowing Down</a> 
- 2021:
  * <a href="https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3074801" target="_blank">Pattern Matching in YARA: Improved Aho-Corasick Algorithm</a>

## Others
- <a href="https://www.gendigital.com/blog/insights/research/know-your-yara-rules-series-1-know-your-yara" target="_blank">Gen Digital - 
Know your YARA rules series: #1 know your YARA </a>
- <a href="https://medium.com/@regeciova-dominika" target="_blank">Personal blog posts</a>
- <a href="https://www.fit.vut.cz/fit/press/3573/.en" target="_blank">Interview: The "We live IT" Conference is a place for both new career beginnings and meeting old friends</a>
- <a href="https://www.vut.cz/vut/aktuality-f19528/mezinarodni-den-divek-a-zen-v-it-podporuje-rovnost-a-diverzitu-ve-svete-technologii-na-stejne-misi-je-letni-skola-it-pro-holky-d257336" target="_blank">Interview (czech): Mezinárodní den dívek a žen v IT podporuje rovnost a diverzitu ve světě technologií. Na stejné misi je Letní škola IT pro holky</a>
